docs(integration): add rush (#2317)
Mergifyio/docs: src/content/integrations/rush.mdx

---
title: Optimizing Monorepos with Rush and Mergify
description: How to leverage your Rush monorepo with Mergify.
---

import rushLogo from "../images/integrations/rush/logo.svg"
import { IntegrationLogo } from "../../components/Images"
import { Info } from "../../components/Alerts/Info"

<IntegrationLogo src={rushLogo} />

[Rush](https://rushjs.io/) is a renowned open-source build orchestrator
facilitating the handling, building, and publishing of multiple packages within
a single Git monorepository (monorepo). Rush efficiently breaks up large
applications into manageable pieces, each with its lifecycle and build
processes. In a Rush-enabled monorepo, [Mergify](https://mergify.com/) enhances
the development workflow by automating merges, implementing project-specific
merge queues, and adapting workflows to each sub-project's unique requirements.

## Why Mergify with Rush?

Mergify’s merge queue comes furnished with exclusive features, especially
designed for managing high velocity, large-scale monorepo projects. These
features enable:

- Independent management of each sub-project;

> - Uninterrupted and parallel development cycles for each partition;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninterrupted and parallel development cycles for each sub-project;
```
Maybe we should talk about sub-projects instead of partitions here. Partitions are not yet introduced. WDYT?
